hs-bg-sim mechanics issues/questions

If a DS to the left of a holy mackerel are both hit by a cleave, does holy mackerel get shielded before taking damage?
	I don't think so, and here's why. I have witnessed two mackerels both with DS get cleaved, and then both got DS back. That implies that the on-lose-divine shield effect needs to happen in a batch.

Should add support for string input
	For minion names, create a list of no-punctuation, lowercase strings and ids. If the input string stripped of punctuation and set to lowercase is contained in a list entry, it's a candidate. If there's exactly one candidate, done. Break ties by shortest list entry first (e.g. "imp" takes precedence over "impmama" for input string "imp"). If it's still a tie, report an ambiguity error.

Minions that need support still
	Khadgar
		Reborn is not supposed to work with khadgar
		Reborn should trigger after all DRs
		Khadgar should summon the *buffed* version of stuff under certain circumstances, e.g. when to the right of a mama bear
			This can result in a pattern like 6/6, 11/11, 6/6, 11/11, etc.
			This implies that on-summon effects MAY occur before Khadgar's effect does, probably contingent on positioning...
	Dire wolf alpha
		This is going to be tricky because it's positional. Will need to carefully update this aura every time a minion is added or removed.
	Red Whelp

Some orderings are certainly wrong right now, but I don't know the correct ordering
	All death resolution is allies-then-enemies
	Probably others...

Support hero powers

Make sure that cleave chooses targets before dealing damage so that e.g. imp gang boss's imps can't be hit by the same attack that spawned them
	Also, herald of flame's overkill can't hit spawned imps

Write unit tests for all the weird interactions
	Set up a deterministic board state and then check the result of one simulation (avoid probabilistic outcomes)

Note: Who attacks first is determined BEFORE the start-of-game phase
	I know this because I have seen a single minion attack two minions first, after its comrade died

Check screen shot on phone - has some stuff about turn orders

Note: Red whelp order is definitely not chosen by who has the most red whelps. It may be based on total minion count, but not sure.
